I have gone ahead and uploaded all of the photos I have labeled with speicifc names for specific services, reason, etc in the @uploaded_images folder and then within that folder, I have uploaded multiple images in the @noname folder that you need to look at, see what they are, then rename them so they are seo optimized for google. All of these photos need to be uploaded to our website where applicible. Use ALL photos in the uploaded_images folder that are named, if they are in the Noname folder, MAKE sure you 100% know what you are looking at before uploading and chnagoing the name. If you are unsure, do not use it. 

I do not want you using anymore of the images or placeholders that are currently on our website, they need to be ALL removed and replaced.

The two 5 star reviews I have are attahced. Please use these in all review related areas acrosss the entire website. 

Nikki Hill Johnson
We had Camrin pressure wash our house (including gutters), (very) long driveway, sidewalk, walkways, front porch, and deck, and the results were honestly incredible. It had been about four years since our last pressure washing, and he didn’t rush anything. He went over tough spots five or six times to make sure they were actually clean, not just “good enough.”

The before and after was amazing. My kids came home from school and asked if he painted the house because it looked that different. ha!

Camrin was extremely professional, communicated clearly from start to finish, showed up when he said he would, and was friendly and easy to work with the entire time. The price was very fair for the amount of work and the level of detail he put in.

If you’re looking for someone who truly cares about doing the job right and takes pride in their work, Camrin is your guy. We’ll absolutely be using him again and recommending him to neighbors.

AND


Victor Dawkes
We were so please with the finished product. He preformed the power washing in a timely manner and it showed his attention to detail.
Will use him for power washing our entire home in the spring. Job well done.